Adventurer Satou Kazuma-san.
Here is your grand bounty for taking
down the Devil King's General Sylvia...
Three hundred million eris!
You're our guild's ace at this point!
He was a big deal in the capital, too!
Thank you, thank you!
He used to have trouble beating a toad!
Nah, I knew that Kazuma
had it in him all along!
All of that while in the
weakest class! Damn!
Come on, folks, flattery isn't
gonna get you anything.
Except maybe...
A round of the best bubbly this joint has!
Kazuma-san, marry me!
You're on!
Take care of me!
Gladly!
KONOSUBA!
God's Blessing on this Wonderful World! 3
One Week Later
Who's responsible for this meal?!
Tell the chef that Satou Kazuma,
the famous collector of multiple
bounties, is calling for him!
The beautiful arch priest
Aqua is calling for him, too!
Episode 7:  Rest for This Up-And-Coming Adventurer!
I-Is there a problem, sir?
Oh, no, I merely wanted to offer
my compliments for the cuisine.
The impression you've made on my tongue,
which has dined upon castle
finery, is quite remarkable.
Th-Thank you very much.
You used wine as the secret
ingredient in this stew, didn't you?
A red wine, from the tartness. The vintage...
I'd say a 30-year-old Romanée-Continue.
Am I right?
We actually use bargain-priced bottles.
I see.
Well, it's impressive you managed to get
this kind of flavor from the cheap stuff.
Thank you very much for the praise.
I enjoyed the stew,
but what really had my tongue
in ecstasy was this fish.
If I had to describe the flavor...
It's like sneaking into the
room of the girl you love,
and upon excitedly opening her
closet, out pops a mimic!
It had that kind of explosive,
unpredictable impact.
Do you understand what I mean, chef?
No, sir, I sure don't.
I see.
Well, it's super good!
The adventurer, Satou Kazuma,
gives this establishment three stars.
That's three from me, too.
Thank you both so much.
I'll endeavor to earn four stars
the next time you eat here.
How bold of you!
And here is your reward for a job well done.
You can keep the change for your tip.
Thanks for the meal.
That comes out to exact change,
but we'd be happy to have you again.
That chef was a good sport! I like him.
Maybe I'll order that place's
best bubbly tomorrow.
Now, now.
We have reservations at the place with the
phantom menu tomorrow, remember?
Oopsie!
We're h—
...ome?!
There you go. That's what you wanted, isn't it?
You're such a perverted Crusader.
I will not submit, no matter what you do!
Don't close the door! You two!
It's not what you think!
Don't get the wrong idea!
No, no, it's cool!
Aqua and I are gonna go grab another meal!
Hell, you can have the house to
yourselves tonight if you want!
The Axis Order recognizes all
manner of romantic relations.
Do you two need blessing magic, or...
You don't understand at all!
KONOSUBA!
I was helping her prepare for
the endurance competition.
Endurance competition?
Darkness is apparently the reigning champion
of the annual endurance competition
that's held every summer.
Kn-Knock it off!
You should practice at Darkness's place.
It's really hot in here now.
My father hasn't been well lately...
If he found out what his single
daughter has been up to...
The worry could affect him adversely...
That sounds like you already
tried it at his place.
Since I've leveled up compared to last year,
my resistance to heat seems
to have increased, too.
Sorry, Kazuma, but could you...
Kazuma?
Now what does this remind me of?
What're you—
O-Oh, that...
Well, well, if it isn't Darkness-san, who had
so much fun making a fool of me at the capital.
And just look at the state you're in!
J-Just kill me!
KONOSUBA!
Kazuma took advantage of
my overheated body...
Whoa, watch your phrasing.
All I did was tickle you
until you passed out!
My goodness, what happened to the
proud Darkness we saw in the capital?
What is that?
Oh, curious already?
Okay, I can enlighten you! Get a load of this!
This is... a dragon egg.
A dragon?!
The other day, when I was home alone...
It's an honor to meet you!
And you are...
I'm the man who's been
seeking out adventurers
capable of tangling with the Devil
King's forces, such as yourselves!
And I'm amazed to find out
you're so beautiful, as well!
Well, it's true that you won't
find many who can compare to me.
To you, who faces down the forces of evil
with no thought for her own safety,
I'd like to offer this.
What is it?
What I have here is a dragon's egg!
A dragon's?!
Indeed! Not something that can be
acquired purely through wealth,
but something I would like
to deliver into your hands
for your upcoming conflict
with the Devil King.
Aren't dragon eggs the kind of thing that
usually go for hundreds of millions?
Oh, you misunderstand! You see..
It's my intention to leave it in
your incredibly capable hands!
That said...
That said?
No one here, no one there.
There are... considerations.
You didn't buy it, did you?
Sure did!
He said I could have it for
whatever cash I had on me.
What a deal!
I've given him a name, too.
Zeltman Kingsford.
And since I'm raising him, he's bound to
become emperor of all dragons someday.
Call him Emperor Zel.
You idiot!
Good morning!
Hey, good morning.
This is ridiculous.
And I'm worried about Emperor Zel.
Let's get this over with so I can get home.
You mean your chicken?
He's not a chicken! He's a dragon!
Nah, he's a chicken.
And he has a lovely name,
Emperor Zel, which I gave him!
Yeah, yeah.
But we've got important stuff
to take care of today.
Open up! Open up!
Your most important
business partner is here!
Now open this door right now!
Do you realize what time it is?!
This place is always busy in the afternoon.
We're doing you a favor by coming over first
thing in the morning. You're welcome.
Consider the nuisance you're being to
the neighbors, you absolute menace!
This is about the boy's reward, I take it?
Come inside and give me a moment.
KONOSUBA
KONOSUBA!
Your payment, as promised.
You should be grateful!
Say, "Thank you very much
for taking the time to meet
with a puny demon like me!"
Cease your prattle!
Should I curse you to make
your rear end produce aloe?!
This establishment's overworked owner
is resting in the back room
after a string of all-nighters!
Try to be quiet.
Has business really been that good?
Indeed. There's been no shortage
of laughter to be had.
I've had an epiphany.
About what?
How to prevent our troublesome little
entrepeneur from incurring further debt.
Thank you for your patronage!
What I realized was that it's when
Thank you!
she has free time on her hands that she
inevitably starts causing problems,
so I've endeavored to ensure that she
has been occupied 24 hours a day,
Thank you!
without even a moment for a
meal. It's gone swimmingly!
Two weeks had passed without any
trouble, but then she began to suddenly
Thank. You. Very. Much.
crying or laughing,
among other such outbursts,
which is hardly a condition
fit for customer service.
Thank... you... very... much...
Hence, she is resting.
Come on over! Come on over to this side!
I know liches are immortal,
but that's just brutal.
Incidentally...
You, the woman who was tormented
by her flushed body,
who spent her nights—
Whoa, what did she do?!
Finish your sentence! Now I've gotta know!
Shut up! Stop talking, Kazuma!
Ah, such intense swells of negative,
shameful emotions. Delectable.
Armor girl. The shadow of
destruction is around you.
The presence of that irritatingly
bright lumi-nuisance of a woman
is making the future hard to see, but I
owe you lot for this turn of good business.
Allow me to give you a reading.
Wait, "lumi-nuisance"?
Were you referring to me?
Who else could I be referring to,
you bright-yet-dim bulb?
You and your stupid-looking mask!
Cease this!
Keep your holy mitts off the mask!
The shadow of destruction?
Always trying to act so cool...
Hey, forget about that! What were you
about to call Darkness?! I need details!
I think you smashed a molar...
There, there, you're gonna be okay...
Now, I'm going to ask you some questions.
They may make you uncomfortable,
but do answer honestly.
Now, then...
I ask you.
Why is it that you, a Crusader, have been
trying to lighten your armor as of late?
Because I'm so clumsy, I thought that it
might help make my attacks more accurate.
You were actually trying to come
up with a solution, Darkness!
I told you to answer honestly.
I-It's just... lately my abs have
become even more well-defined...
so I wanted...
to make...
my armor lighter...
She's shredded now?!
Very good. Now, I ask you.
Could you explain why you
took the wizard's dress,
which had been left in the laundry
basket outside the baths,
and sneakily held it up to your
body, muttering, "No, no way"?
No. No way.
Not only that, but despite your claims,
you observed yourself in the mirror,
tilting your head and smiling. Why is this?
C-Cute clothes don't suit me!
And even buying them is embarrassing!
But... I caught a glimpse of it, and...
I thought... I could see what it'd look like...
I-I'm sorry that a brutish,
musclebound woman like me
held up such cute clothing to her
body on an impulse! I'm so sorry!
Forgive me!
I don't think you'd look bad in
a one-piece at all, Darkness!
You looked great in dresses before.
Where's the problem in you trying
on cute clothes in private?
Come on!
Now, in conclusion...
Why, despite realizing that boy is
watching you with lecherous eyes,
do you choose clothes that
accentuate your body's lines—
D-Do I really need to answer these
for my fortune to be read?!
When did I say the questions
had anything to do with that?
You need only touch the crystal
ball for me to read your fortune.
The questions were mere conversa—
I'll kill you!
D-Do not touch the mask!
I was right.
The shadow of destruction is around you.
Your family home, and your father,
are going to encounter disaster.
Given your dull mind, you are likely to
do something rash and self-destructive
in an effort to resolve this.
But your sacrifice will be in vain.
Yes, it's clear to me that nothing
you do can resolve this.
It may be most wise to abandon
everything and flee.
Perhaps you could take this
shrinking violet of a man,
who doesn't make a move despite thinking,
"I bet she'd say yes if I went for it,"
and elope to the ends of
the world to start over.
Okay, hold it! Seriously, stop!
It feels like every time you open your mouth,
you're sabotaging my relationships
with my friends!
Vanir.
Thank you for the fortune.
If nothing else, I'll keep it in mind.
Kazuma, with all that money, we won't
be accepting quests for a while, right?
I'm not too worried about the fortune,
but it has been a while since I've
seen my father. I'll go visit him.
S-Sure...
Boy.
One more piece of prophecy.
You should not rest idle upon your payment.
It'd be wise to continue devising
new, marketable merchandise.
I told the girl that there's nothing
she can do about her fate...
But, effort dependent,
that may not prove true for you.
Gotcha!
So much for that.
You don't shed even though it's summer, huh?
Kazuma!
What the hell?! Don't startle me like that!
Let's collect the bounty
placed on this monster!
You do realize you're an
unmarried noble lady, right?
Isn't staying out all night kinda risque?
Idiot! That's not what I did!
More importantly...
A Kowloon Hydra?
The bounty on it is massive!
It had been sleeping at the bottom of a
lake, and has only recently awakened.
And you wanna hunt this thing?
Maybe finish waking up before
suggesting stuff like that.
You don't care about defending Axel?!
Satou Kazuma, hero who has slain
the generals of the Devil King.
Come! This is your call to action!
You think you can just call me a hero
and I'm gonna jump into action?
We've got plenty of money!
Is that it? Can't you think of
a better way to motivate me?!
We've known each other a long time!
You probably have an idea, right?!
F-Fine. Upon completion of the quest...
As a reward...
I'll...
What is it?
What are you gonna do for me?
A-A kiss on the cheek...
Hell no.
You think I'm gonna risk my life,
at this point, for a little kiss?
L-Little?!
Check it out, Chomusuke.
I think this lady believes her kisses
are worth risking your life for!
Isn't that the most self-absorbed
thing you've ever heard?
Y-You worm! I was trying to be nice!
Whoa, knock it off! No violence!
Will you... really not do it?
You have gotten better...
at crocodile tears!
No! I don't wanna fight a hydra!
Why's Darkness after the bounty anyway?!
Did her family really lose all their money?!
Hydras happen to be a class of dragon!
Once it's gone, I can proudly
claim the title of Dragon Slayer!
At long last, the epithet I've
long desired shall be mine!
When Emperor Zel hatches,
we'll have a dragon in the house!
Why do you want such a scary title?!
Besides, I don't like leaving him at Wiz's store!
Why is this happening? Why is this happening?!
What do you want?
We don't know anyone else willing to do
something as stupid as help hatch an egg.
Why, why, why?!
I'm worried about the bad influence of
letting a lich and a demon egg-sit him!
Listen. When dragons are eggs,
the longer their parent cares for them,
the more magic power and
parental traits they will develop!
I wanted him to be a sacred white dragon.
What if all that darkness they've got turns
him into a black dragon or something?
Thank. You. Very. Much.
Then we had better beat this
hydra fast and head home.
Fine, then!
I'm gonna get out there!
But if Megumin's magic doesn't work,
I'm gonna run right home!
Okay, let's get this show on the road!
Is she actually purifying the lake?
It looks like she's just swimming around.
Monsters apparently don't like clean water.
If Aqua purifies the lake,
it should lure the hydra out,
and you can make with the Explosion magic.
H-Hey...
I think Aqua is napping
on the surface of the lake
where the dangerous wanted
monster is lurking!
Maybe we should've tied something to her
to make sure she doesn't float away?
Incoming!
I can sense an incredible
magic power rising!
Aqua! Wake up already! Come on!
Aqua! Look down! Down below!
Aqua! Aqua!
Aqua! Wake up!
Get out the water, fast!
What's all the racket?
Move!
Hey, the water is looking pretty clean now.
I guess I can get out of the...
Kazuma-san! Kazuma-san!
Something really huge is coming right at me!
No! I wanna go home!
I wanna go home right now!
Aqua!
This isn't good!
I can't use Explosion magic
if she's still there!
Kazuma-san! Kazuma-san!
I wanna go home!
This is really bad!
Wanna go home, wanna go home, wanna go home!
Verdia here!
You mentioned Satou Kazuma?
I hear about his antics every now and then.
Surprised to find out he's still alive.
Makes me wonder how many times he's been resurrected.
Seems unfair! Granted, if a priest used Resurrection on me,
it'd just do a bunch of damage! It's also crazy to hear about
how that weirdly sturdy Crusader woman is still in one piece.
What kind of party consists entirely of crazy people like that?
Are they even worse than the Devil King's Army?
Oops, pardon me. Obviously, the craziest ones of all
are those of us in your army! Well, Devil King,
do look after yourself. Striiiiiiike!
-Verdia
Episode 8: An Eternal Rest for the Master of This Lake!
Verdia here!
You mentioned Satou Kazuma?
I hear about his antics every now and then.
Surprised to find out he's still ali—